let's take you now to Israeli Army
spokesperson Daniel
hagari explosion in one of those
military vehicles due to an
explosive or maybe a missile that was
launched on the military vehicles where
eight soldiers were killed following
this tragic
event several analyst and Specialists
from the ministry of defense will try to
investigate in order to get more
information on what
happened we have conveyed this uh tragic
news to their families and we are also
after informing all the
families we will be able to publish the
names of the other killed soldiers we
know that there
are many names are being
without it is permitted or before it is
published by the spokesperson of the
ministry of Defense please do not
publish the names of the killed soldiers
until an official press release is being
published please respect the feelings of
the families who lost their members we
need to respect the soldiers and we need
to always support the
families Ida soldiers and the ministry
of Defense are working in order to
disarm all the fighters and the soldiers
of the
movement in order to prevent Hamas from
targeting Israel and its civilians again
as it happened on October 7th today we
received another
reminder that reminded us of the high
price that we are paying because of this
war and that we have Heroes and soldiers
who are ready to sacrifice their lives
in order to defend Israel which is our
home and our land the land of the Jews
and Drews and Muslims and Christians all
the citizens they are defending all the
citizens of
Israel our thoughts are with the
families during those difficult moments
we have also conducted the operation of
Arnon and we were able also to bring
back four captives but we will not
forget the 120 captives who are still
not back home and we need to be honest
here we will not be able to bring them
back home all of them in
this right now but we will continue to
create the uh appropriate and the right
conditions and circumstances in order to
bring them back
home and here I would like to talk to
the people of the
north at the northern borders we are
conducting a military operations and our
main the main challenge is to be
able to be able to let the citizens of
the north to go back to their places we
have killed Sami abdah from one of the
main leaders ofah who LED several
operations during the past year
terrorist operations against
Israel he was responsible for launching
several missiles on Israel which is a
great threat for PE the people of the
north this is a very precise operation
that also reflects our willingness and
commitment to create a a safe
environment that would allow the people
of the north to go back to their home
a reminder of the high price we are
paying for this war the words there of
Daniel hagari military spokesperson
commenting on the deaths of confirmed
deaths of eight Israeli soldiers in Gaza
today now the Israeli government has
banned Al jazer from reporting there so
Hamas is joining us now from the
Jordanian capital and what the